(fix) add further instructions for downloading in Storage.get docs (#2521)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/storage/fragments/js/download.md

})
```

`Storage.get` returns a signed URL `string` to your file, if `download` is false, which is the default. You can use this to create a download link for people to click on. This is our recommended option. Note that this method **does not check if the file actually exists** as that would involve an extra API call.

```js
// get the signed URL string

> const signedURL = await Storage.get(file.__data.key)

Author: ```suggestion
const signedURL = await Storage.get(key) // get key from Storage.list
```

// inside your template or JSX code. Note <a download> doesn't work here because it is not same origin
<a href={signedURL} target="_blank">{fileName}</a>
```

If `download` is true, `Storage.get` returns an object with a `Body` field of type [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob). It is up to you to programmatically save it to disk (we suggest a method below) or do whatever else you need with it.

### File download option

The `download` option send you the object data for download or programmatic manipulation:

```javascript
const data = await Storage.get(`filename.txt`, { download: true })

> // data.Body is a Blob

Author: this was a mistake by me in my first PR to this doc, which led to https://github.com/aws-amplify/docs/issues/2512

data.Body.text().then(string => { 
  // handle the String data return String 
})
```

Note that the `Blob` methods like `.text()` are not supported on [IE/Opera/Safari](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob/text); in those cases you can [parse manually](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob#JavaScript).

You can programmatically download Blobs using JavaScript:

```js
export function downloadBlob(blob, filename) {
  const url = URL.createObjectURL(blob);
  const a = document.createElement('a');
  a.href = url;
  a.download = filename || 'download';
  const clickHandler = () => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      URL.revokeObjectURL(url);
      a.removeEventListener('click', clickHandler);
    }, 150);
  };
  a.addEventListener('click', clickHandler, false);
  a.click();
  return a;
}

// usage
Storage.get(fileKey, { download: true })
        .then(res => downloadBlob(res.Body, downloadFileName)) // derive downloadFileName from fileKey if you wish
```

> The full return signature of `Storage.get(somekey, { download: true })` looks like this:

Author: ```suggestion
The full return signature of `Storage.get(key, { download: true })` looks like this:
```

})
```

> `Storage.get` merely returns a signed URL `string` to your file, if `download` is false, which is the default. You can use this to create a download link for people to click. This is usually the recommended option. Note that this method **does not check if the file actually exists** as that would involve an extra API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Storage.get` returns a signed URL `string` to your file, if `download` is false, which is the default. You can use this to create a download link for people to click on. This is our recommended option. Note that this method **does not check if the file actually exists** as that would involve an extra API call.
```

`Storage.get` returns a signed URL `string` to your file if `download` is false, which is the default.

> `Storage.get` returns an object with a `Body` of [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) of object data if `download` is true. The full return signature looks like this:

Author: ```suggestion
If `download` is true, `Storage.get` returns an object with a `Body` field of type [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob). It is up to you to then save it to disk (we suggest a method below). 

The full return signature looks like this:
```

```javascript
const data = await Storage.get(`filename.txt`, { download: true })

// data.Body is a Blob
data.Body.text().then(string => { 
  // handle the String data return String 
})
```

You can programmatically download Blobs using JavaScript:

```js
export function downloadBlob(blob, filename) {
  const url = URL.createObjectURL(blob);
  const a = document.createElement('a');
  a.href = url;
  a.download = filename || 'download';
  const clickHandler = () => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      URL.revokeObjectURL(url);
      a.removeEventListener('click', clickHandler);
    }, 150);
  };
  a.addEventListener('click', clickHandler, false);
  a.click();
  return a;
}

// usage
Storage.get(fileKey, { download: true })

>         .then(res => downloadBlob(res.Body, downloadFileName)) // can derive from fileKey if you wish

Author: ```suggestion
        .then(res => downloadBlob(res.Body, downloadFileName)) // derive downloadFileName from fileKey if you wish
```

```javascript
const data = await Storage.get(`filename.txt`, { download: true })

// data.Body is a Blob
data.Body.text().then(string => { 
  // handle the String data return String 
})
```

You can programmatically download Blobs using JavaScript:

```js

> // https://blog.logrocket.com/programmatic-file-downloads-in-the-browser-9a5186298d5c/

Reviewer: Is this ok to use ? Does the person that owns the blog understand we would use this? I don't want to recommend a blog link if it leads to the person will remove it. Can we look to have this remove?

Author: done!
